[MUSIC]
So the first module of this course
is gonna be introducing you to
the Raspberry Pi.
The Raspberry Pi is another board,
a development board.
It's similar, related to the Arduino.
It's not that similar and
we'll talk about the differences.
So the Raspberry Pi basically has
more features built into it, and
we'll talk about some of those features.
And we'll compare it to the Arduino.
It's also used to make IoT devices,
but it has other capabilities as well.
We'll talk about the fact that it's
faster, more memory, that sort of thing.
But more relevant is that it
has an operating system, and
that really changes the way in
which you use the Raspberry Pi.
So we'll talk about that and
what you get out of an operating system.
Why does that enhance the abilities
of what you can do with the device.
So we'll talk about that and
we'll compare it to the Arduino.
And will show you the board, show you the
different things it has on it and give you
an idea of what the capabilities are on
a Raspberry Pi compared to an Arduino.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]